These projects were conducted during my studies at University of Skövde
1. <b>Flowers Image Classification (Collaboration):</b> In this project, me and my colleague present a system for classifying images of flowers using deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs). The system is trained and tested on a dataset of images of flowers, where each image is labeled with the species of flower it depicts. We evaluate the performance of the system using metrics such as accuracy, precision, and recall. Our system achieves high accuracy in classifying images of flowers, demonstrating the effectiveness of CNNs in this task. Overall, the proposed system is a valuable tool for automating the identification of flower species, which can have applications in fields such as conservation, agriculture, and research. Additionally, the findings in this paper could be extend to other image classification tasks such as plant recognition in general.
2. <b>Housing Price Prediction (Individual):</b> This project aims to explore the demand of price prediction in housing market domain. As I face the task of predicting housing price using machine learning, I review some prior works related to this subject concerning data processing and models selection. Afterwards, I attempt to rank the best model that suit this project based on performance metrics then make the prediction. Our model is considered satisfy the needs of the project and indicate the comparision with other models.
3. <b>Twitter Sentiment Analysis (Collaboration):</b> This project aims to develop a convolutional neural network (CNN) model for detecting fake news and predicting the sentiment of tweets. The project will use two datasets of tweets that have been labeled with their authenticity and sentiment, respectively. The CNN model will be trained on these datasets using deep learning techniques, with the goal of applying it on a different tweet dataset, in order to gain insights about current political events. The project also utilizes big data technologies, such as Tensorflow, to efficiently process and analyze the substantial amounts of data.
4. <b>Call Volume Forecasting (Collaboration):</b> This project focuses on time series forecasting for call volume prediction in a call answering company. Four different models, namely XGBoost, RNN, SARIMAX, and SVR, were employed to assess their predictive capabilities and performance. 
